Add "The Group Constitution" (#2)
matt-halliday/great-randomiser: README.md

Each person in the group submits a song suggestion that they would like to hear covered.
The folks who submitted, each get a song to cover in return.

We take about a month per round to produce our track and then have a listening party via Zoom to have some beers and appreciate all the masterpieces.

## The Group Constitution

This changes a lot, people keep adding new rules, at the moment they are something like:

* No negging on yerself
* Suggestions must be...
  * <= 5 minutes long
  * available to listen to online
  * have chord charts online somewhere
  * sent to our benevolent dictator with an accompanying explanation of why you chose it
* You can roll over into the next round, coz sometimes life gets in the way, but you can only do it once
* Submit your song by email to our benevolent dictator on the day of the listening party. A link to a Dropbox  or something for your wav, aiff whatever 
* If you don't finish your song it goes in the chum bucket
* If you finish your song early you can take another from the chum bucket

> * If you really can't dig your sing you can put it in the chum bucket and take another out

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* If you really can't dig your song you can put it in the chum bucket and take another out one week after the draw
```
